Add more information about changes when opting-in to MSTest SDK (#41658)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-sdk.md

You don't need anything else to build and run your tests and you can use the same tooling (for example, `dotnet test` or Visual Studio) used by a ["classic" MSTest project](./unit-testing-with-mstest.md).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > By switching to `MSTest.Sdk` you will fully opt-in to using [MSTest runner](./unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md) including with [`dotnet test`](./unit-testing-platform-integration-dotnet-test.md#dotnet-test---microsofttestingplatform-mode) which will require modifying your CI, local CLI calls and will impact the available entries of the `.runsettings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By switching to the `MSTest.Sdk` you've fully opted-in to using the [MSTest runner](./unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md), including with [dotnet test](./unit-testing-platform-integration-dotnet-test.md#dotnet-test---microsofttestingplatform-mode) which requires modifying your CI, local CLI calls and also impacts the available entries of the _.runsettings_.
```

> > You can use `MSTest.Sdk` and still keep the old integrations and tools by switching the [runner](#select-the-runner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can use `MSTest.Sdk` and still keep the old integrations and tools by instead switching the [runner](#select-the-runner).
```

## Migrating to MSTest SDK

> ### Updating your project(s)

Reviewer: We strive to avoid multiple headings without any additional context. Let's add a sentence to tie these two sections together.

```suggestion
Consider the following steps that are required to migrate to the MSTest SDK.

### Update your project(s)
```

```

Finally, based on the extensions profile you're using, you can also remove some of the `Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.*` packages.

> ### Updating your CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update your CI
```

> Once you have updated your projects, if you are using `MSTest runner` (default) and if you rely on `dotnet test` to run your tests, you will have to update your CI configuration. Please refer to [dotnet test integration](./unit-testing-platform-integration-dotnet-test.md#dotnet-test---microsofttestingplatform-mode) guide to understand all the changes needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've updated your projects, if you're using `MSTest runner` (default) and if you rely on `dotnet test` to run your tests, you have to update your CI configuration. For more information, see [dotnet test integration](./unit-testing-platform-integration-dotnet-test.md#dotnet-test---microsofttestingplatform-mode) to guide your understanding of all the required changes.
```

> Here is an example of update when using `DotNetCoreCLI` task in Azure DevOps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example update when using the `DotNetCoreCLI` task in Azure DevOps:
```

```diff
\- task: DotNetCoreCLI@2
  inputs:
    command: 'test'
    projects: '**/**.sln'
-    arguments: '--configuration Release'

> +    arguments: '--configuration Release -p:TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments="--report-trx --coverage"'

Reviewer 2: I found that the arguments line actually needs to be:

```
arguments: '--configuration Release -p:TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments="--report-trx --results-directory $(Agent.TempDirectory) --coverage"'
```

to fully replicate the previous functionality. (Hopefully that is a temporary change until the Azure task can be fixed!)

Author: ```suggestion
+    arguments: '--configuration Release -p:TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments="--report-trx --results-directory $(Agent.TempDirectory) --coverage"'
```
